Add notes regarding Python EOL (#34)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/guidelines/version_support.rst

Python Version Support
======================

> When writing Python libraries, plan on supporting the oldest actively supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating Python libraries, plan on supporting the oldest actively supported
```

version of Python. For a quick reference, visit `Python EOL

> <https://endoflife.date/python>`_ summarized (as of 2022) here:

Reviewer 2: This link is blocked for me, maybe we should point to https://devguide.python.org/#status-of-python-branches instead?

Author: Done. It's a bit more official as well.

> <https://endoflife.date/python>`_ summarized (as of 2022) here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://endoflife.date/python>`_. Here is 2022 summary:
```

+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| Version | Released    | Security Support Ends |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.10    | 04 Oct 2021 | 04 Oct 2026           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.9     | 05 Oct 2020 | 05 Oct 2025           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.8     | 14 Oct 2019 | 14 Oct 2024           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.7     | 27 Jun 2018 | 27 Jun 2023           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+

> Expect these to be the most commonly used Python versions. Note that recently dropped versions (Python 3.6) will no longer have wheels built for popular libraries like `numpy <https://numpy.org/>`_. Users can still install the older version from PyPI via ``pip``, and version support tends to gradually "drop off" rather than fall immediately when security support exits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expect these to be the most commonly used Python versions. Note that recently dropped versions (Python 3.6) will no longer have wheels built for popular libraries like `numpy <https://numpy.org/>`_. You can still install the older version from PyPI via ``pip`` since version support tends to gradually "drop off" rather than cease entirely when security support exits.
```

> Expect these to be the most commonly used Python versions. Note that recently dropped versions (Python 3.6) will no longer have wheels built for popular libraries like `numpy <https://numpy.org/>`_. Users can still install the older version from PyPI via ``pip``, and version support tends to gradually "drop off" rather than fall immediately when security support exits.

Author: Added notes regarding this. Thanks!

> You can enforce a minimum required python version within ``setup.py`` with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enforce a minimum required Python version within ``setup.py`` with:
```

.. code:: python

   from setuptools import setup

   [...]

   setup(name="my_package_name",
         python_requires='>3.6',
   [...]
   )

This helps the package manager ``pip`` to know which versions of your library

> support which versions of Python.  You can also impose an upper limit if you're

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support which versions of Python. You can also impose an upper limit if you're
```

sure you don't support certain versions of Python. For example, if you only

> support Python 3.6 - 3.9: ``python_requires='>=3.6, <3.10'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support Python 3.6 through 3.9: ``python_requires='>=3.6, <3.10'``.
```

Python Version Support
======================

When creating Python libraries, plan on supporting the oldest actively supported
version of Python. For a quick reference, visit `Status of Python Branches
<https://devguide.python.org/#status-of-python-branches>`_. Here is a summary as
of 2022:

+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| Version | Released    | Security Support Ends |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.10    | 04 Oct 2021 | 04 Oct 2026           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.9     | 05 Oct 2020 | 05 Oct 2025           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.8     | 14 Oct 2019 | 14 Oct 2024           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+
| 3.7     | 27 Jun 2018 | 27 Jun 2023           |
+---------+-------------+-----------------------+

Expect these to be the most commonly used Python versions. Note that some
libraries like `NumPy <https://numpy.org/>`_ drop support for older versions of

> Python earlier than the Python versions end of life (EOL) as outlined in `NEP 29

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python earlier than the Python versions' end of life (EOL) as outlined in `NEP 29
```

<https://numpy.org/neps/nep-0029-deprecation_policy.html#support-table>`_.

Realize that users can still install the older version from PyPI via ``pip`` as

> the package manager (``pip``) will download and install the most recent version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the package manager (``pip``). When ``pip`` is used, it downloads and installs the most recent version
```

> of that library that supports your version of Python.  You can enforce a minimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of that library that supports your version of Python. You can enforce a minimum
```

> of that library that supports your version of Python.  You can enforce a minimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the library that supports your version of Python.  You can enforce a minimum
```

> of THE library that supports your version of Python. You can enforce a minimum-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the library that supports your version of Python. You can enforce a minimum-
```

required Python version within ``setup.py`` with:

.. code:: python

   from setuptools import setup

   [...]

   setup(name="my_package_name",
         python_requires='>3.6',
   [...]
   )

> This helps the package manager ``pip`` to know which versions of your library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps ``pip`` to know which versions of your library
```
